# Assignment 1

Answer the following questions on Canvas.  You will submit your response on Canvas using Canvas text entry.

1. Suppose we have a project that has one or two well-understood initial features and a handful of speculative, loosely described subsequent feature possibilities.  The project will ultimately be deployed to both Web and mobile platforms.  What SDLC model would you choose for this project?  Support your answer.

1. Suppose we have a project for NASA involving the launch of an exploratory space probe.  All features are based on well-documented scientific theories.  There is already a deadline given for the project.  What SDLC model would you choose for this project?  Support your answer.

1. Suppose we have a project for repurposing existing network communications software into new firewall software.  The three developers available to work on this project are proficient in Python and Visual Basic, and each has two years of industry experience.  They have at their disposal a rich set of IDE's, development tools, and component libraries for developing in Java, which is also the language originally used to develop the network communications software.  Management is strongly considering the use of a Rapid Application Development (RAD) process to complete this project.  Do you think RAD is a good choice for this project?  Support your answer.

1. A seminal work often cited in software engineering is Fred Brooks' book *The Mythical Man-Month* (MMM).  One of the central theses of MMM is known as Brooks' Law, which states that "Adding human resources to a late software project makes it later."  MMM was first published in 1975.  Do you think this central thesis is still valid today?  Support your answer.
