# Assignment 3

You will work in [project teams](../teams.md) for this assignment.

Each developer will begin by cloning the project
`https://github.com/jbshep/softeng21-a3-<N>` where `<N>` is your team's number.

One member of your team will create two Issues on GitHub.

* Issue 1 should be titled "Pig Latin functionality."
* Issue 2 should be titled "Alliteration functionality."

Then, one member of your team will create a milestone named "Milestone 1" and will then assign boht Issue 1 and Issue 2 to this milestone.

Issue 1 should be assigned to developers 1 and 2 on your team list.
Issue 2 should be assigned to developers 3 and 4 on your team list (and
developer 5, if you have a developer 5).

Developers 1 and 2 should do their work in a branch named `branch-iss1`.
Developers 3 and 4 (and 5) should do their work in a branch named `branch-iss2`.

Upon completion and commital of the code, the developers should open Pull
Requests.
The Pull Request for Issue 1 should list developers 3 and 4 (and 5) as Reviewers.
The Pull Request for Issue 2 should list developers 1 and 2 as Reviewers.

The Pull Request text should close the appropriate issue.  The PR must not be
closed until it has been reviewed.

Note: The issues should truly be fixed as described in `detect.py`.  In other
words, typing `python detect.py pig` should ask for a sentence and then
translate the input into Pig Latin.  Typing `python detect.py allit` should ask
for a sentence and then reply 'yes' or 'no' depending on whether the sentence
is alliterative.
